---
layout: post
title:  "Unreal"
date:   2024-07-03 09:00:00 -0700
categories: Coding
---

I haven't posted in a while because I burnt out. I would like to use this post to examine
what happened.

On May 24th, 2024 I restarted my game development journey in Unity Engine. My goal was to work in 
a game engine every day for 30 days. I'm happy to say that I accomplished that goal, but I'm disappointed to say, 
shortly after the 30 days passed my excitement for the process faded and I began to struggle with keeping motivated.

I'm still trying to learn myself. Still trying to be mindful of my creative process. Still pushing toward expanding my
creative horizons by pushing myself to stay focused and disciplined. Look, I want to feel creative. I want to live in that 
place where I'm so excited about something that it becomes a habitual. That it becomes an obsession. I don't think that
Game Development will be the thing that keeps me in that place. But I would like to use the craft of game development and 
design to grow my abilities as a creative and a craftsman.

I think I can do it. I think that one day I will find myself in a place where I feel comfortable calling myself a creative.
I want to grow my confidence.

Kobe Bean Bryant once said: **"Confidence comes from preparation"** 

I want to be prepared for when the opportunities arise so that my Confidence is not feigned but instead, warranted
and genuine. I want to feel like I can do, not like I cannot and I want to surround myself with positive, like-minded and
creatively inclined individuals.

Let's get to work.


