---
layout: post
title:  "Day 2"
date:   2024-05-25 10:53:19 -0700
categories: Coding
---

#Trying To See How Long I Can Last

A pursuit I started around the age of 17. In this case, I want to stick with this project. A pattern of mine is to start a project strong and then around the "late-early game" of a project I mentally fizzle out, usually delete whatever program or webapp I'm learning on at the time. Time passes, I bounce between my day job and playing games with friends online, eventually I need enough for a creative outlet that I go looking for one. This time, it's Unity. All that said, I challenging myself to work on this project in everyday for a month.

#Day 1 Recap

After settling on an espionage themed increment game I opened up [Xmind](www.Xmind.com) and started making a mind map to outline the idea. Decided on some Core Mechanics and UI elements and opened up Unity.

As Unity loaded, I decided that the story is about a spy who has been burned from their organization and is now being hunted. They must do
whatever it takes to survive. Cool! My first goal was to create the core "clicker" mechanic functionality.

I started with the basic UI elements and surprised myself with how quickly I jumped back into Unity. 
Added a Canvas and a Panel to the scence, turned the background black and added a Button to the scene.
The spy get burned and he is on the run so he decided to go to one of their personal hideouts in the rural
mountains of not even we know. He nothing to his name as all his bank accounts and documentation has been frozen. 
Their most valuable possessions now are a hand-powered generator, a laptop, and a sattelite internet device. Lucky him. 

This hand-powered generator will generate the first resource for the player, Power.
This process will be simulated in our game
by the player clicking on the Generate button.

I got the functionality for the generate button working. The player clicks the button and that click 
adds 1 point of Power to  their stat sheet as well as displays their total power in the top left corner of the screen.

The spy now needs some form of currency to fund his life on the run. Naturally, he mines bitcoin!

This bitcoin mining will be controlled by a toggle bitcoin miner button that when pressed starts a script that adds 1 bitcoin
to the players stat sheet every 8 seconds as well as display the players total bitcoin at the top left
corner of the screen.

The heat is on and the spys advisarys are after him. To simulate this I implamented a timer which is the core fail condition.
If the time runs out, you are caught.

At the end of the first coding session I was working on implamenting a timer decay system that will increase or decrease
the time ratio based on how "exposed" the spy is to the outside world and how close you are to being caught.

Until next time.
